docs/Account Management.md, before:

## Accounts
Your Wishii account is your gateway to sharing all your biggest wishes with those who you love.

Without an account, you will be able to view the lists of others, but creating reservations or your own lists will be unavailable.

## Creating an Account
Create your account by navigating to `/register`. You must enter your email, username and then your preferred password.

If you would like to change your email, name or password after account creation, it can be done by navigating to `/account` after registration.

## Logging in
In order to log into your existing account, you must navigate to `/login`. On this page, you must enter your latest account email and password.

## Logging Out
In order to log out of your current session, you must navigate to `/account` via URL or by clicking your name in the header (desktop) or footer (mobile). At the bottom of the account page, log out by clicking the `Logout` button.

## Resetting Password
If you have forgotten your password, you can reset it by clicking the link under the password field on the `/login` page, or by navigating directly to `/reset-password`.

On this page, you must enter your latest account email. After submission, you will receive an email with a link that will allow you to set a new password for your account.

**Note:** The reset link expires after 11 minutes. If it expires, you will need to request a new one.

After changing your password with the link from the email, you can proceed to log in with your updated credentials. Your old password will not be retained or be usable.

## Changing Name/Email/Password
If you are already logged in and would like to change any of your account details, you can do so by navigating to the `/account` page. Here, you can click the **Pen** icon besides the property you would like to change.

For example, if you would like to change your email:
1. Navigate to `/account`
2. Click the **Pen** icon on the section displaying your current email
3. Enter your new email address
4. Click **Submit** to request the change
5. Check your new email inbox for a confirmation message
6. Click the link in the confirmation email to finalize the change

**Note:** The confirmation link expires after 11 minutes. If it expires, you will need to request the change again.

## Switching Theme
Wishii supports both light and dark themes. To switch between them, click the **Sun** or **Moon** icon in the header (on desktop) or footer (on mobile).

Your theme preference is saved and will persist across sessions.

## Deleting Account
The ability to manually delete your account, associated groups, lists and other details, is in progress.

As of this moment, if you would like your account to be completely deleted, you can send an email to `mail@zyrakia.dev` with the subject being `"Account Deletion Request"`. Within one week, your request will be completed and you will receive a confirmation email.

Note that this action is irreversible, all data associated with your account will be lost forever. If you would like to rejoin at any time, you must create a new account.

Commit message:

docs: clarified changing account details in docs

docs/Account Management.md, after:

## Accounts
Your Wishii account is your gateway to sharing all your biggest wishes with those who you love.

Without an account, you will be able to view the lists of others, but creating reservations or your own lists will be unavailable.

## Creating an Account
Create your account by navigating to `/register`. You must enter your email, username and then your preferred password.

If you would like to change your email, name or password after account creation, it can be done by navigating to `/account` after registration.

## Logging in
In order to log into your existing account, you must navigate to `/login`. On this page, you must enter your latest account email and password.

## Logging Out
In order to log out of your current session, you must navigate to `/account` via URL or by clicking your name in the header (desktop) or footer (mobile). At the bottom of the account page, log out by clicking the `Logout` button.

## Resetting Password
If you have forgotten your password, you can reset it by clicking the link under the password field on the `/login` page, or by navigating directly to `/reset-password`.

On this page, you must enter your latest account email. After submission, you will receive an email with a link that will allow you to set a new password for your account.

**Note:** The reset link expires after 11 minutes. If it expires, you will need to request a new one.

After changing your password with the link from the email, you can proceed to log in with your updated credentials. Your old password will not be retained or be usable.

## Changing Name
If you would like to change your display name:
1. Navigate to `/account`
2. Click the **Pen** icon on the section displaying your current name
3. Enter your new name
4. Click **Save** to save the change

Your name will be updated immediately.

## Changing Password
If you would like to change your password:
1. Navigate to `/account`
2. Click the **Pen** icon on the section displaying your password
3. Enter your current password
4. Enter your new password
5. Confirm your new password
6. Click **Confirm Change** to save the change

Your password will be updated immediately and you can use it on your next login.

## Changing Email
If you would like to change your email address:
1. Navigate to `/account`
2. Click the **Pen** icon on the section displaying your current email
3. Enter your new email address
4. Click **Save** to request the change
5. Check your new email inbox for a confirmation message
6. Click the link in the confirmation email
7. Confirm the change on the page that opens
8. You will be redirected back to the account page

**Note:** The confirmation link expires after 10 minutes. If it expires, you will need to request the change again.

## Switching Theme
Wishii supports both light and dark themes. To switch between them, click the **Sun** or **Moon** icon in the header (on desktop) or footer (on mobile).

Your theme preference is saved and will persist across sessions.

## Deleting Account
The ability to manually delete your account, associated groups, lists and other details, is in progress.

As of this moment, if you would like your account to be completely deleted, you can send an email to `mail@zyrakia.dev` with the subject being `"Account Deletion Request"`. Within one week, your request will be completed and you will receive a confirmation email.

Note that this action is irreversible, all data associated with your account will be lost forever. If you would like to rejoin at any time, you must create a new account.
